#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with python 3.8
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
alembic==1.4.2
    # via jupyterhub
appnope==0.1.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
async-generator==1.10
    # via jupyterhub
attrs==19.3.0
    # via jsonschema
awscli==1.18.74
    # via -r requirements.in
backcall==0.1.0
    # via ipython
bleach==3.1.5
    # via nbconvert
botocore==1.16.24
    # via
    #   awscli
    #   s3transfer
certifi==2020.4.5.1
    # via requests
certipy==0.1.3
    # via jupyterhub
cffi==1.14.0
    # via cryptography
chardet==3.0.4
    # via requests
click==7.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   nltk
colorama==0.4.3
    # via awscli
cryptography==2.9.2
    # via pyopenssl
cycler==0.10.0
    # via matplotlib
decorator==4.4.2
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   networkx
    #   traitlets
defusedxml==0.6.0
    # via nbconvert
docutils==0.15.2
    # via
    #   awscli
    #   botocore
entrypoints==0.3
    # via
    #   jupyterhub
    #   nbconvert
gevent==20.6.2
    # via grequests
greenlet==0.4.16
    # via gevent
grequests==0.6.0
    # via -r requirements.in
idna==2.9
    # via requests
imageio==2.8.0
    # via scikit-image
ipykernel==5.3.0
    # via
    #   ipympl
    #   ipywidgets
    #   notebook
ipympl==0.5.6
    # via -r requirements.in
ipython==7.15.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
ipython-genutils==0.2.0
    # via
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
    #   traitlets
ipywidgets==7.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipympl
jedi==0.17.0
    # via ipython
jinja2==2.11.2
    # via
    #   jupyterhub
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbconvert
    #   notebook
jmespath==0.10.0
    # via botocore
joblib==0.15.1
    # via
    #   nltk
    #   scikit-learn
json5==0.9.5
    # via jupyterlab-server
jsonschema==3.2.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-telemetry
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbformat
jupyter-client==6.1.3
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   notebook
jupyter-core==4.6.3
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
jupyter-telemetry==0.1.0
    # via jupyterhub
jupyterhub==1.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
jupyterlab==2.1.4
    # via -r requirements.in
jupyterlab-server==1.1.5
    # via jupyterlab
kiwisolver==1.2.0
    # via matplotlib
mako==1.1.3
    # via alembic
markupsafe==1.1.1
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   mako
matplotlib==3.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipympl
    #   scikit-image
    #   seaborn
mistune==0.8.4
    # via nbconvert
nbconvert==5.6.1
    # via notebook
nbformat==5.0.6
    # via
    #   ipywidgets
    #   nbconvert
    #   notebook
networkx==2.4
    # via scikit-image
nltk==3.5
    # via -r requirements.in
notebook==6.0.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   widgetsnbextension
numpy==1.18.5
    # via
    #   imageio
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
    #   patsy
    #   pywavelets
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   seaborn
    #   statsmodels
oauthlib==3.1.0
    # via jupyterhub
packaging==20.4
    # via bleach
pamela==1.0.0
    # via jupyterhub
pandas==1.0.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   seaborn
    #   statsmodels
pandocfilters==1.4.2
    # via nbconvert
parso==0.7.0
    # via jedi
patsy==0.5.1
    # via statsmodels
pexpect==4.8.0
    # via ipython
pickleshare==0.7.5
    # via ipython
pillow==7.1.2
    # via
    #   imageio
    #   scikit-image
plotly==4.8.1
    # via -r requirements.in
prometheus-client==0.8.0
    # via
    #   jupyterhub
    #   notebook
prompt-toolkit==3.0.5
    # via ipython
ptyprocess==0.6.0
    # via
    #   pexpect
    #   terminado
pyasn1==0.4.8
    # via rsa
pycparser==2.20
    # via cffi
pygments==2.6.1
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   nbconvert
pyopenssl==19.1.0
    # via certipy
pyparsing==2.4.7
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   packaging
pyrsistent==0.16.0
    # via jsonschema
python-dateutil==2.8.1
    # via
    #   alembic
    #   botocore
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyterhub
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
python-dotenv==0.13.0
    # via -r requirements.in
python-editor==1.0.4
    # via alembic
python-json-logger==0.1.11
    # via jupyter-telemetry
pytz==2020.1
    # via pandas
pywavelets==1.1.1
    # via scikit-image
pyyaml==5.3.1
    # via awscli
pyzmq==19.0.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   notebook
regex==2020.6.8
    # via nltk
requests==2.23.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   grequests
    #   jupyterhub
    #   jupyterlab-server
retrying==1.3.3
    # via plotly
rsa==3.4.2
    # via awscli
ruamel-yaml==0.16.10
    # via jupyter-telemetry
ruamel-yaml-clib==0.2.0
    # via ruamel-yaml
s3transfer==0.3.3
    # via awscli
scikit-image==0.16.2
    # via -r requirements.in
scikit-learn==0.22.2.post1
    # via -r requirements.in
scipy==1.4.1
    # via
    #   scikit-image
    #   scikit-learn
    #   seaborn
    #   statsmodels
seaborn==0.10.1
    # via -r requirements.in
send2trash==1.5.0
    # via notebook
six==1.15.0
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   cryptography
    #   cycler
    #   jsonschema
    #   packaging
    #   patsy
    #   plotly
    #   pyopenssl
    #   pyrsistent
    #   python-dateutil
    #   retrying
    #   traitlets
sqlalchemy==1.3.17
    # via
    #   alembic
    #   jupyterhub
statsmodels==0.11.1
    # via -r requirements.in
terminado==0.8.3
    # via notebook
testpath==0.4.4
    # via nbconvert
tornado==6.0.4
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyterhub
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
    #   terminado
tqdm==4.47.0
    # via nltk
traitlets==4.3.3
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-core
    #   jupyter-telemetry
    #   jupyterhub
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
urllib3==1.25.9
    # via
    #   botocore
    #   requests
wcwidth==0.2.3
    # via prompt-toolkit
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via bleach
widgetsnbextension==3.5.1
    # via ipywidgets
zope-event==4.4
    # via gevent
zope-interface==5.1.0
    # via gevent

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
